README.md, before:

# Legends of Runeterra - Deck Encoder/Decoder
Legends of Runeterra deck encoder/decoder in Rust. Port of [LorDeckCodes](https://github.com/RiotGames/LoRDeckCodes.).

[![Actions Status](https://github.com/iulianR/lordeckcodes-rs/workflows/Rust/badge.svg)](https://github.com/iulianR/lordeckcodes-rs/actions)
[![Crates.io][crates-badge]][crates-url]
[![MIT licensed][mit-badge]][mit-url]

[crates-badge]: https://img.shields.io/crates/v/lordeckcodes.svg
[crates-url]: https://crates.io/crates/lordeckcodes
[mit-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg
[mit-url]: LICENSE

## Documentation

[API Documentation](https://docs.rs/lordeckcodes)

## Usage

To use `lordeckcodes`, add this to your `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
[dependencies]
lordeckcodes = "0.1"
```

## Examples
 Obtain a deck from the provided code:

 ```rust
 use lordeckcodes::encoder;

 let deck = encoder::deck_from_code(
     String::from("CEBAEAIBAQTQMAIAAILSQLBNGUBACAIBFYDACAAHBEHR2IBLAEBACAIFAY")
 );
 assert!(deck.is_ok());
 ```

 Generate a code from the provided deck:
 ```rust
use lordeckcodes::{encoder, CardCodeAndCount, Deck};

let deck = Deck::from_vec(vec![
    CardCodeAndCount::from_data("01SI015", 3).unwrap(),
    CardCodeAndCount::from_data("01SI044", 3).unwrap(),
    CardCodeAndCount::from_data("01SI048", 3).unwrap(),
    CardCodeAndCount::from_data("01SI054", 3).unwrap(),
    CardCodeAndCount::from_data("01FR003", 3).unwrap(),
    CardCodeAndCount::from_data("01FR012", 3).unwrap(),
    CardCodeAndCount::from_data("01FR020", 3).unwrap(),
    CardCodeAndCount::from_data("01FR024", 3).unwrap(),
    CardCodeAndCount::from_data("01FR033", 3).unwrap(),
    CardCodeAndCount::from_data("01FR036", 3).unwrap(),
    CardCodeAndCount::from_data("01FR039", 3).unwrap(),
    CardCodeAndCount::from_data("01FR052", 3).unwrap(),
    CardCodeAndCount::from_data("01SI005", 2).unwrap(),
    CardCodeAndCount::from_data("01FR004", 2).unwrap(),
]);
let code = encoder::code_from_deck(&deck);
assert!(code.is_ok());
 ```

Commit message:

add serde support as feature

README.md, after:

# Legends of Runeterra - Deck Encoder/Decoder
Legends of Runeterra deck encoder/decoder in Rust. Port of [LorDeckCodes](https://github.com/RiotGames/LoRDeckCodes.).

[![Actions Status](https://github.com/iulianR/lordeckcodes-rs/workflows/Rust/badge.svg)](https://github.com/iulianR/lordeckcodes-rs/actions)
[![Crates.io][crates-badge]][crates-url]
[![MIT licensed][mit-badge]][mit-url]

[crates-badge]: https://img.shields.io/crates/v/lordeckcodes.svg
[crates-url]: https://crates.io/crates/lordeckcodes
[mit-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg
[mit-url]: LICENSE

## Documentation

[API Documentation](https://docs.rs/lordeckcodes)

## Usage

To use `lordeckcodes`, add this to your `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
[dependencies]
lordeckcodes = "0.1"
```

## Serde support

Serde support is optional and disabled by default. To enable use the feature `serde`.

```toml
[dependencies]
lordeckcodes = { version = "0.1", features = ["serde"] }
```

## Examples
 Obtain a deck from the provided code:

 ```rust
 use lordeckcodes::encoder;

 let deck = encoder::deck_from_code(
     String::from("CEBAEAIBAQTQMAIAAILSQLBNGUBACAIBFYDACAAHBEHR2IBLAEBACAIFAY")
 );
 assert!(deck.is_ok());
 ```

 Generate a code from the provided deck:
 ```rust
use lordeckcodes::{encoder, CardCodeAndCount, Deck};

let deck = Deck::from_vec(vec![
    CardCodeAndCount::from_data("01SI015", 3).unwrap(),
    CardCodeAndCount::from_data("01SI044", 3).unwrap(),
    CardCodeAndCount::from_data("01SI048", 3).unwrap(),
    CardCodeAndCount::from_data("01SI054", 3).unwrap(),
    CardCodeAndCount::from_data("01FR003", 3).unwrap(),
    CardCodeAndCount::from_data("01FR012", 3).unwrap(),
    CardCodeAndCount::from_data("01FR020", 3).unwrap(),
    CardCodeAndCount::from_data("01FR024", 3).unwrap(),
    CardCodeAndCount::from_data("01FR033", 3).unwrap(),
    CardCodeAndCount::from_data("01FR036", 3).unwrap(),
    CardCodeAndCount::from_data("01FR039", 3).unwrap(),
    CardCodeAndCount::from_data("01FR052", 3).unwrap(),
    CardCodeAndCount::from_data("01SI005", 2).unwrap(),
    CardCodeAndCount::from_data("01FR004", 2).unwrap(),
]);
let code = encoder::code_from_deck(&deck);
assert!(code.is_ok());
 ```
